---
layout:     post
title:      A Passing Feeling
author:     Omar Mohamed
tags: 		short_story
subtitle:  	A short story
category:  Non-Technical
---

I’m always against classifying people into different groups. I think that humans are very complicated and most of the images you have of someone in your head tend to be very different from the real one. I think even the image you have of yourself is not totally accurate. That’s why I find myself surprised sometimes by something I did or a way I behaved, and that goes both ways: for better and for worse. But with all that said and done, I can tell you something about myself with complete and utter confidence: I’m a certified introvert. I look forward for the time I spend alone in my apartment, and recharge after a long day of work. But that night I was feeling a bit sentimental, maybe because of that romantic movie I had just finished watching. It was a quiet night, with little to no sound coming from the streets below, and it was also a bit cold, but that didn’t stop me from opening the window and staring into the cold, empty street. The apartment building ahead had most of its windows closed with little to no light emitting from them. Populated by ghosts. But then I noticed a window that wasn’t deserted like the rest. A man wearing a black shirt was standing in front of one opposite me. He was hard to notice at first since his room was very dimly lit with some greenish light source. He was standing very still, so still that I at first wondered if it was just my imagination playing tricks on me, and I had this lingering feeling that he was watching me. I stepped away from the window and went back to my normal every night routine. After a while, on my way to the kitchen to make myself a cup of coffee, I passed by the window again and noticed that he was still standing there, also looking at my direction. I felt very irritated, and found myself shouting from the window: “Would you just leave me alone!!”. I surprised myself again. After this he stepped away from the window and disappeared into his room. I sat in front of the TV and turned it on in a desperate attempt to forget the whole incident. But it wasn’t working; I felt terribly sad and empty, and couldn’t keep it out of mind. Then I heard a sound coming from the staircase of my apartment building. It was the sound of the electric generator powering up when someone turns the staircase lights on. Oh God! He is here! he is coming to my apartment! I ran towards the apartment’s door and looked from the peephole. I was indeed correct, he is standing in front of the door already, in silence. He didn’t knock or do anything; he just stood there looking at the door. My breath quickened, I kept walking up and down the apartment, thinking… Should I let him in? I might regret it! But Finally I succumbed to the sheer pressure of his existence and opened the door. I looked him in the eye. All the lights have turned green at this point. I walked slowly towards him and… hugged him. In his arms I began to sob uncontrollably, and I really wished he was here to stay.
